the rumor is that i am a neo-nazi
if we were to describe the anatomy of
the 21st century
neo-nazi phenomenon it's a rough
assemblage
of mutually incompatible parts
held together by ligatures of ignorance
and in fact
listening to both fully raw christina
and john rose
you get a good sense of what those
crucial joints those crucial
turning points of ignorance really are
why they matter so much
to recruitment and why they matter so
much for keeping people
within that movement yes ignorance about
economics ignorance about pesticides
ignorance about food additives ignorance
about nutrition
and yes just in general ignorance about
government with a capital letter
g john rose in reaching out for sources
like
the zeitgeist movement he names his
sources he tells you what
he's working from and those are the
sources his audience is already familiar
with
those are the steps they've already
taken before they come to his channel
before they're willing to listen to his
more
shocking revelations about adolf hitler
in the history of world war ii and so on
and fully while christina herself
wittingly or
unwittingly has served for many years as
one of those crucial baby steps towards
outright neo-nazi recruitment here on
the internet
i think what makes john rose interesting
as a case study
is that he does so overtly explain to
you what his motivations
and modus operandi are he tells you why
he's on youtube why he feels it's so
important
for him to be recruiting on youtube for
him to be delivering this message on
youtube
that he couldn't get across anywhere
else and how he feels that the whole
medical establishment and all the
university textbooks and all the history
textbooks and all the high schools
are part of this huge conspiracy that
you and i alone are
very privileged to be able to breathe
outside of for just a few minutes on
this island of freedom of speech
here on youtube and what makes fully raw
christina interesting by contrast
is that she is in complete denial about
all of the things
that john rose makes so brutally
self-evident the rumor is that i am a
neo-nazi
fully raw christina has over 1 million
subscribers
she runs a raw vegan quote-unquote
channel and she's made two separate
videos
promoting john rose and i believe john
rose has deleted some of these videos
off of his channel but if you just
search for
jew in his channel search bar you'll
still find that he has
some pro nazi anti-semitic propaganda
videos where
he promotes people like henry ford who
was a huge anti-semite and hitler
supporter
and what's most disturbing about this is
the like dislike ratio on some of these
videos
the guy runs a raw vegan
channel but when he promotes
anti-semitism
he gets an overwhelmingly positive
response
and other raw vegan channels support his
content
fully raw christina has over 1 million
subscribers
she runs a raw vegan quote unquote
channel and she's made two separate
videos
promoting john rose so let's start here
let's start with the most prominent
thing being discussed
it is being talked about online as well
as
at live events which is somewhat
terrifying for me to be honest but
the rumor is that i am a neo-nazi
and i would just like to say this please
hear me
when i say i am absolutely not
a neo-nazi that being said i do know
people who i have interviewed on my
channel in the past
who've recently come out to talk about
their beliefs regarding this
that is a subject that i had never
spoken about with them
nor have i ever discussed that topic on
my channel
this might be their belief system it is
not mine the classic example
is what happened with hitler now what
happened to hitler is he was demonized
because he did exactly the same
thing that abraham lincoln did
are you paying attention and also john f
kennedy
you see these guys understood how usery
works
and if you just google japan and user
you'll find
interesting articles about how japan did
the same thing as germany
they broke away from the powers that be
they started printing their own money
which is what
abraham lincoln did and john f kennedy
did i had a 150 page file on hitler it
was all
bad hitler bad hitler bad hitler uh
people say he's a vegetarian
oh my god no he can't be a vegetarian he
did all these bad things and it turned
out
that he was a vegetarian and he didn't
do the bad things that's how we've been
tricked and fooled
in fact hitler wanted to make germany a
vegetarian country after the war
because he saw the superiority of it in
fact when he had his work camps which
had been falsely claimed concentration
camps
he fed these people the best food
possible read the garrison order command
orders
and do a google search on that and what
you're going to find is that they went
out of their way to feed
these workers that were building built
were building
our building uh making ammunition for
them
he they treated them very well because
they wanted them to be in best health
possible
they gave him three foot inspections
every week oh my god they're gassing
them no they're taking care of them
they feed them special food plant food
they even talked about using certain
herbs and not cooking them too much
do you hear what i'm saying they even
said that in fact
hitler was so he understood the
importance of having
this work camp produced ammunition for
the country he treated these
these people as best as he could even
though they betrayed him
he he you know they had theaters to go
to they had a swimming pool they issued
money
when you look into this you realize well
wait a second that goes against
everything we see what about the
pictures we've seen
well it turns out that they actually
rebuilt
the uh the building it's a
reconstruction
fred lucha went over there to prove
everything that it was doing that he
said it's impossible for this building
to have done what they claimed it done
it's just impossible and he's the
world's expert on that you see when they
made up these lies long time ago they
didn't know they have an expert that
could come along later and go this is
[ __ ] man it's [ __ ]
google fred lucher and just read a
little bit about what he says about the
gas chambers it's all [ __ ]
when you even try to push the numbers to
this you realize
that the numbers don't add up uh in
every which way possible
so if the reason why this is all done
is because we want to associate hitler
with evil demon people
to not look at what he might have done
that's good i'll never forget what i saw
christina bucharam
ralph league roll christina and the
first day i saw her
she was right where i needed to be to
get some nuts and i
and i walked up i was getting my nuts i
looked over at her and i almost broke
out in tears
because i could tell this is a very
young woman and
five seven didn't weigh 90 pounds and i
had to say something to her and i
reached out to her
and luckily that was the worst day of
her life where she had to go back to the
hospital twice
and was willing to listen to me and uh
i'll never forget we met at whole foods
and i told her what to do
to get it going we talked every day for
about five months that little girl
asked me more questions than anybody
i've ever coached
over a course of five months
and look what she's done a teacher
affects eternity
you want to wake up and have some
passion get out there and look for
little christina's
that can go out there and tell other
people one person can make a huge
difference and you could be the person
all of us are that's what we're supposed
to do this
is the hero's journey because i've been
trying to put the connection out i've
been trying to put this message out for
a long time
everybody who does this for a long time
knows what's going on why do you think
tc
fry's tc switched his wellness messenger
to the freedom networker because when he
did his research on the aids he realized
the corruption
and i'm very very excited today about my
very special guest dr t
c frye president life science institute
austin texas
today dr fry and i have been discussing
his new book
the great aids hoax great
aids hoax is that about right that is
correct
you are going to be very very shocked by
some things that dr fly says
you're going to be very educated by
other things that he says
and you're going to be very very
interested i think
in this portion of our discussion not
everyone can distinguish
truth versus agenda or even propaganda
and that there's a reason why he was
struggling getting this message out not
to mention he was attacked by the
government
herbert shelton said the same thing
about the greatest
obstacle we have against living reform
is not just ignorance which we got
plenty
it's those damn bastards that run
everything that don't give us an avenue
to put the information out there we got
an avenue now we got youtube
we can get this message out as beings of
light we don't have to run from darkness
we can choose to outshine it listen to
the benjamin friedman speech
and you'll understand that hitler was
pretty nice of the jews after what the
jews did to hitler
i choose to stand up for truth i don't
care about any of that that's not why
i'm making this video
i'm making this video because there are
a couple things that she
says that are obviously false second
thing i'd like for you to consider when
listening to people on youtube
is this consider your source
there are people who have built their
entire careers off
talking trash about other people and
it's easier to do this on youtube than
it is on any other platform
because you get paid for it that's why
they'll hire
people like alex jones to do only one
thing to perpetuate this
myth i don't like them putting chemicals
in the water that turn the friggin frogs
gay do you understand that
serious crap i'm sick of being social
engineered it's not funny
i don't like them putting chemicals in
the water they turn the freaking frogs
gay
do you understand that turn
[Music]
now there it is the gay bomb
look it up for yourself i mean this is
what they're what do you think tap water
is it's a gay bomb baby
what do you think tap water is it's a
gay bomb
baby because alex jones is guilty of
failing the hitler test every show he
does
he's putting out good information he
does good interviews
but then what does he do slams hitler
every time every show nazis hitler nazis
hitler nazis hitler not just hitler
reinforcing this belief that these
people are the epitome of evil
i choose not to support people who
behave and maturely in that way
they literally wake up every morning
looking for drama to feed off of and
search for people to make videos about
and when they find one person to make
videos about that always gets them good
clicks
they'll continue to keep making videos
about that person because it's a
guaranteed money maker for them
don't just hear the words they speak but
also evaluate the person who's saying it
go check out their other videos and
titles are they bashing or talking about
other people on their channel is their
channel all about reviewing other
youtubers
use your discernment when listening to
some of the things that people say and
note the source anybody who uses
hitler and nazis as an epitome for evil
on a repeated basis like that is
obviously a shield
and is part of controlled opposition and
this is how controlled opposition works
they'll tell you a hundred things or a
thousand things that are true just to
get you to believe in the one lie that
is crucial to them
don't just hear the words they speak but
also evaluate the person who's saying it
now you guys should know this by being
about me by now you know i'm not an
idiot you know i put together some good
information
go check out their other videos and
titles are they bashing or talking about
other people on their channel
is their channel all about reviewing
other youtubers
use your discernment when listening to
some of the things that people say and
note the source 21st century fascism
is an internally incoherent
and self-contradictory assemblage of
parts
held together by ligatures of
necessary ignorance wishful thinking
belief without
necessarily realizing it
websites like alex jones websites like
the zeitgeist movement and numerous
youtube channels
that do not think of themselves as
neo-nazis
are in fact inculcating people with
neo-nazi beliefs
whether we are describing the audience
for alex jones
or the audience for the zeitgeist
movement or the audience for
fully raw christina or the whole panoply
of half crazy raw vegan health advocates
on youtube
we're describing an audience that is
conditioned
to be afraid to drink the water
that comes out of the tap in their
kitchen
why why are they afraid to drink the
water
that comes out of the tap because
they're afraid of the government
and if you try to prove to them that the
water that comes out of their tap is
completely safe to drink
they won't believe you because they've
been conditioned
to be afraid of science they're afraid
of what's taught in the science
textbooks in high schools
because they believe that is a
government conspiracy also
step by step in this way
the audience comes to adopt a world view
that modernity especially modern
economics
especially modern banking modern fiat
currency
is all an evil conspiracy that
everything they've been taught
including and especially about the tap
water their diet
hospitals exists just to
serve this conspiracy and what do they
contrast to that
positively this this is very telling
in terms of how profoundly incoherent
and internally
self-contradictory this 21st century
neo-nazi movement is
it doesn't matter to them very much
whether their adherents
have a glorified notion of ancient hindu
society
or ancient buddhist society
or ancient nordic
society odin thor
it's all good and why
because they're united by what they fear
they're united by what they hate
what they distrust what binds them
together
absurdly is their shared
ignorance and their sense of being
self-righteous in maintaining that
ignorance
despite the readily available evidence
all around them and so in this way they
can all get along with each other and
cooperate whether they are for example
followers of julius evela who are
basically nazis but who believe in
buddhism
way more popular than you might think or
if they're pro-christian
bible bible belt nazis for lack of a
better word
people who still believe in jesus in
some ways don't get along with the the
buddhists
don't get along with the people who want
to revive the belief in odin and the
norse gods
but but but what they all believe in
is that they have to keep themselves
pure they have to keep themselves
separate from the contamination of
knowledge that's offered at libraries
at bookstores at universities the whole
real world of science
the reality of economics the reality of
politics
the reality of government that
they have to keep themselves assiduously
separate from at all times
reassuring themselves that through their
faith through their belief through their
pious
ignorance they make themselves better
than
all the unbelievers who go to university
and actually study to become a medical
doctor go to university
and study to become an economist all the
people who seemingly
and actually understand how the world
works
those are precisely the people they have
to look down on
or they have to demonize as mere pawns
in this greater conspiracy ultimately
what people like fully raw christina and
john rose are selling
is a view of the world that pits those
who know
against those who refuse to know those
who study
those who learn those who are skeptical
against those
who are forever digging themselves
deeper
into a fundamentally anti-modern
anti-rational world view
to which anti-semitism and racism
become the kind of inevitable but
unnecessary
ornaments
maybe we can we can practice